Dynatrace Exporter - Fix histogram min and max calculation (#10257)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib: CHANGELOG.md

- `transformprocessor`: Fix issue where metric.aggregation_temporality and metric.is_monotic were not actually gettable or settable (#10197)
- `podmanreceiver`: Container Stats Error structure (#9397)
- `pkg/stanza`: pipeline.Operators() will return a consistently ordered list of operators whenever possible (#9761)

> - `dynatraceexporter`: Fix issue on histogram min and max calculation. (#10257)

Reviewer: Not a very descriptive changelog entry for end users. What specifically was fixed?

```suggestion
- `dynatraceexporter`: Ensure min is always less than or equal to mean and max is always greater or equal to mean for histogram estimation. (#10257)
```
